Spring MVC provides web layer designing

@Component -> @Service , @Repository, @Controller->@RestController

AOP

Advice/Aspect: Before and After
JoinPOints: Target Method
Point cuts: Defined on advices to decide the join points


Policy 1
Compile time weaving
Special Compiler to add before and after methods 

Policy 2
Special Class loader which will add before and after methods in called method while uploading code to JVM. Cannot be used for servers as they have their own ClassLoaders
Load time weaving


Policy 3
Runtime weaving
Wrapper class around method.
Done by Spring





The reason for this is if you put an annotation on the Interface Level and if you are using class-based proxies ( proxy-target-class="true" ) or the weaving-based aspect ( mode="aspectj" ), then the transaction settings are not recognized by the proxying and weaving infrastructure .i.e Transactional behavior will not be applied.

Step 3: Add the @Transactional annotation to the Class (or method in a class) or Interface (or method in an interface).

<tx:annotation-driven proxy-target-class="true">
Default configuration: proxy-target-class="false"  

The @Transactional   annotation may be placed before an interface definition, a method on an interface, a class definition, or a public method on a class.
If you want some methods in the class (annotated with  @Transactional) to have different attributes settings like isolation or propagation level then put annotation at method level which will override class level attribute settings.
In proxy mode (which is the default), only 'external' method calls coming in through the proxy will be intercepted. This means that 'self-invocation', i.e. a method within the target object calling some other method of the target object, won't lead to an actual transaction at runtime even if the invoked method is marked with @Transactional.  
Let us now understand different @Transactional   attributes.

@Transactional (isolation=Isolation.READ_COMMITTED)

The default is Isolation.DEFAULT
Most of the times, you will use default unless and until you have specific requirements.
Informs the transaction (tx) manager that the following isolation level should be used for the current tx. Should be set at the point from where the tx starts because we cannot change the isolation level after starting a tx.
DEFAULT: Use the default isolation level of the underlying database.

READ_COMMITTED: A constant indicating that dirty reads are prevented; non-repeatable reads and phantom reads can occur.

READ_UNCOMMITTED: This isolation level states that a transaction may read data that is still uncommitted by other transactions.

REPEATABLE_READ: A constant indicating that dirty reads and non-repeatable reads are prevented; phantom reads can occur.

SERIALIZABLE: A constant indicating that dirty reads, non-repeatable reads, and phantom reads are prevented.

What do these Jargons dirty reads, phantom reads, or repeatable reads mean?

Dirty Reads: Transaction "A" writes a record. Meanwhile, Transaction "B" reads that same record before Transaction A commits. Later, Transaction A decides to rollback and now we have changes in Transaction B that are inconsistent. This is a dirty read. Transaction B was running in READ_UNCOMMITTED isolation level so it was able to read Transaction A changes before a commit occurred.
Non-Repeatable Reads: Transaction "A" reads some record. Then Transaction "B" writes that same record and commits. Later Transaction A reads that same record again and may get different values because Transaction B made changes to that record and committed. This is a non-repeatable read.
Phantom Reads: Transaction "A" reads a range of records. Meanwhile, Transaction "B" inserts a new record in the same range that Transaction A initially fetched and commits. Later Transaction A reads the same range again and will also get the record that Transaction B just inserted. This is a phantom read: a transaction fetched a range of records multiple times from the database and obtained different result sets (containing phantom records).
@Transactional(timeout=60)

Defaults to the default timeout of the underlying transaction system.

Informs the tx manager about the time duration to wait for an idle tx before a decision is taken to rollback non-responsive transactions.

@Transactional(propagation=Propagation.REQUIRED)

If not specified, the default propagational behavior is REQUIRED. 

Other options are  REQUIRES_NEW , MANDATORY  , SUPPORTS  , NOT_SUPPORTED  , NEVER  , and  NESTED .

REQUIRED

Indicates that the target method cannot run without an active tx. If atxhas already been started before the invocation of this method, then it will continue in the same tx or a newtxwould begin soon as this method is called.    
REQUIRES_NEW

Indicates that a newtxhas to start every time the target method is called. If already atxis going on, it will be suspended before starting a new one.
MANDATORY

Indicates that the target method requires an active tx to be running. If atxis not going on, it will fail by throwing an exception.
SUPPORTS

Indicates that the target method can execute irrespective of atx. If atxis running, it will participate in the same tx. If executed without a tx it will still execute if no errors.
Methods which fetch data are the best candidates for this option.
NOT_SUPPORTED

Indicates that the target method doesn’t require the transaction context to be propagated.
Mostly those methods which run in a transaction but perform in-memory operations are the best candidates for this option.
NEVER

Indicates that the target method will raise an exception if executed in a transactional process.
This option is mostly not used in projects.
@Transactional (rollbackFor=Exception.class)

Default is rollbackFor=RunTimeException.class
In Spring, all API classes throw RuntimeException, which means if any method fails, the container will always rollback the ongoing transaction.
The problem is only with checked exceptions. So this option can be used to declaratively rollback a transaction if Checked Exception occurs.
@Transactional (noRollbackFor=IllegalStateException.class)

Indicates that a rollback should not be issued if the target method raises this exception.
Now the last but most important step in transaction management is the placement of @Transactional annotation. Most of the times, there is a confusion where should the annotation be placed: at Service layer or DAO layer?

@Transactional: Service or DAO Layer?

The Service is the best place for putting @Transactional, service layer should hold the detail-level use case behavior for a user interaction that would logically go in a transaction.

There are a lot of CRUD applications that don't have any significant business logic for them having a service layer that just passes data through between the controllers and data access objects is not useful. In these cases we can put transaction annotation on Dao.

So in practice, you can put them in either place, it's up to you.

Also if you put @Transactional   in DAO layer and if your DAO layer is getting reused by different services then it will be difficult to put it on DAO layer as different services may have different requirements.

If your service layer is retrieving objects using Hibernate and let's say you have lazy initializations in your domain object definition then you need to have a transaction open in service layer else you will face LazyInitializationException  thrown by the ORM.

Consider another example where your Service layer may call two different DAO methods to perform DB operations. If your first DAO operation failed, then the other two may be still passed and you will end up inconsistent DB state. Annotating a Service layer can save you from such situations.

Hope this article helped you.